ENH: mark fixed-width string to StringDType casts as safe (#32095)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/32095.compatibility.rst

Casting and validation changes for fixed-width to variable-width string conversions
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> * Casts from fixed-width `numpy.bytes_` and `nummpy.str_` arrays to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Casts from fixed-width `numpy.bytes_` and `numpy.str_` arrays to
```

  `numpy.dtypes.StringDType` are now considered `"safe"` rather than
  `"same-kind"`.

> * These cast from `numpy.bytes_` to `numpy.dtypes.StringDType` now validates the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* These casts from `numpy.bytes_` to `numpy.dtypes.StringDType` now validate the
```
